README.md, before:

# Welcome to the WCS MBTI Board!

Check the board out live on [our website](http://wcs.illinois.edu/mbti-board/instructions.html)!

See the instructions below or [the instructions on our website](http://wcs.illinois.edu/mbti-board/instructions.html) for a guide on how to add your name to the board.

## Step 0: What to do if you have questions

This website is designed to be an activity to practice your Git skills! If you have any questions as you follow the tutorial on this page, feel free to reach out to the Illinois WCS Officer Board at contact@illinoiswcs.org. There are also many detailed git guides available on the internet; don't be afraid to Google for help! [GitHub's own documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/github/managing-files-in-a-repository/editing-files-in-your-repository) has a great guide on how to edit and commit from the web UI.

## Step 1: Determine your MBTI personality type

Go to [16personalities.com](https://www.16personalities.com/) to take a free personality test to determine which of the 16 categories you belong to.

## Step 2: Create a GitHub account

Skip this step if you already have a GitHub account. Go to [github.com](https://www.github.com/) and follow the instructions to make a new GitHub account.

## Step 3: Make a fork of our repository

Go to [our GitHub repository](https://github.com/IllinoisWCS/mbti-board) and click the fork button in the top right corner. A repository is a set of files for a project. "Forking" a repository makes a copy of our files at this point in time and allows you to edit them without restriction.

## Step 4: Add your name to the board!

Go to the data folder and go to the js file corresponding to your MBTI personality type in your forked repository. Then, click the pencil in the top right corner. This should allow you to edit the file. Inside this file is a dictionary, formatted much like dictionaries in your favorite programming language. Add your name as a key and graduation year as a value. Feel free to add an emoji to your name too! Look at other people's entires in the files for examples.

## Step 5: Commit your changes

Committing means to save your change as an increment in the progress of your project. Scroll to the bottom of the page and fill out the information requested. We suggest making the commit message descriptive (i.e. "Adding my name to WCS MBTI board"). Then, click the commit button with the first option ("commit directly to the `main` branch") selected. It should take you back to the main page of your repository.

## Step 6: Make a pull request 

Making a pull request (otherwise known as a PR) means that you are making a request to us (the code owners) to add your changes to the larger project. As of right now, you changes are only on your copy of the code (your fork). After we accept your PR, it will be integrated into the WCS codebase!

At the top of the main page of your repository, you should see a gray banner that tells you there are changes to your fork and that you can make a pull request. Click the pull request button and follow the instructions on the page. Don't worry about adding a description, but make sure you have a title. In the top right corner, request a review from @melissachen2000 or @darciap2. And you're done! You will receive email notifications when we merge your PR.

## Contributing to the MBTI Board

If you see any bugs or have any features you would like to request, please [file an issue via Github](https://github.com/IllinoisWCS/mbti-board/issues). Also, if you are interested in working on any of the issues on the list, please comment on the issue and we will assign it to you! 

Instructions last updated: 4/2/2021

Commit message:

Adding google form to md instructions

README.md, after:

# Welcome to the WCS MBTI Board!

Check the board out live on [our website](http://wcs.illinois.edu/mbti-board/instructions.html)!

See the instructions below or [the instructions on our website](http://wcs.illinois.edu/mbti-board/instructions.html) for a guide on how to add your name to the board. If you would prefer to NOT make a PR to the repo, please fill out the Google Form [at this link](https://forms.gle/hNwuG2Ejs9iXqV6F6).

## Step 0: What to do if you have questions

This website is designed to be an activity to practice your Git skills! If you have any questions as you follow the tutorial on this page, feel free to reach out to the Illinois WCS Officer Board at contact@illinoiswcs.org. There are also many detailed git guides available on the internet; don't be afraid to Google for help! [GitHub's own documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/github/managing-files-in-a-repository/editing-files-in-your-repository) has a great guide on how to edit and commit from the web UI.

## Step 1: Determine your MBTI personality type

Go to [16personalities.com](https://www.16personalities.com/) to take a free personality test to determine which of the 16 categories you belong to.

## Step 2: Create a GitHub account

Skip this step if you already have a GitHub account. Go to [github.com](https://www.github.com/) and follow the instructions to make a new GitHub account.

## Step 3: Make a fork of our repository

Go to [our GitHub repository](https://github.com/IllinoisWCS/mbti-board) and click the fork button in the top right corner. A repository is a set of files for a project. "Forking" a repository makes a copy of our files at this point in time and allows you to edit them without restriction.

## Step 4: Add your name to the board!

Go to the data folder and go to the js file corresponding to your MBTI personality type in your forked repository. Then, click the pencil in the top right corner. This should allow you to edit the file. Inside this file is a dictionary, formatted much like dictionaries in your favorite programming language. Add your name as a key and graduation year as a value. Feel free to add an emoji to your name too! Look at other people's entires in the files for examples.

## Step 5: Commit your changes

Committing means to save your change as an increment in the progress of your project. Scroll to the bottom of the page and fill out the information requested. We suggest making the commit message descriptive (i.e. "Adding my name to WCS MBTI board"). Then, click the commit button with the first option ("commit directly to the `main` branch") selected. It should take you back to the main page of your repository.

## Step 6: Make a pull request 

Making a pull request (otherwise known as a PR) means that you are making a request to us (the code owners) to add your changes to the larger project. As of right now, you changes are only on your copy of the code (your fork). After we accept your PR, it will be integrated into the WCS codebase!

At the top of the main page of your repository, you should see a gray banner that tells you there are changes to your fork and that you can make a pull request. Click the pull request button and follow the instructions on the page. Don't worry about adding a description, but make sure you have a title. In the top right corner, request a review from @melissachen2000 or @darciap2. And you're done! You will receive email notifications when we merge your PR.

## Contributing to the MBTI Board

If you see any bugs or have any features you would like to request, please [file an issue via Github](https://github.com/IllinoisWCS/mbti-board/issues). Also, if you are interested in working on any of the issues on the list, please comment on the issue and we will assign it to you! 

Instructions last updated: 4/2/2021
